Add procedure for 3rd party repos (#2004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-a-custom-repository.adoc

[id="Synchronizing_a_Custom_Repository_{context}"]
= Synchronizing a Custom Repository

Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} and a disconnected {ProjectServer} via {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.

Follow the procedure for the connected {ProjectServer} before completing the procedure for the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Connected {ProjectServer}
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Click on the custom product.
. Click on the custom repository.
. Copy the *Published At:* URL.
. Continue with the procedure on disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Disconnected {ProjectServer}
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Create your custom product with the following:
* Upstream URL: Paste the link that you copied earlier.

> * On the connected {ProjectServer}, download the file `https:///pub/katello-server-ca.crt` using `curl` or `wget`.

Reviewer: I'd move this step to connected section. Also, we could demonstrate a concrete command, like 
```
# curl [opts] https://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt
```
I imagine that the curl needs verification with server certificates? @jeremylenz

* Transport the file to the disconnected server using any method.

> * On the disconnected {ProjectServer}, create an SSL Content Credential with the contents of this file.

Reviewer: Just to clarify, this talks about the below procedure @jeremylenz?
https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.12/html/managing_content/importing_content_content-management#Importing_Custom_SSL_Certificates_content-management

> * SSL CA Cert: Select the SSL certificate that was created on your connected {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SSL CA Cert: Select the SSL certificate that was transferred from your connected {ProjectServer}.
```

[id="Synchronizing_a_Custom_Repository_{context}"]
= Synchronizing a Custom Repository

> Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} and a disconnected {ProjectServer} via {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} to a disconnected {ProjectServer} via {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.
```

> Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} and a disconnected {ProjectServer} via {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.

Reviewer 2: Would be good to add a note about the "why:" When using ISS Network Sync, Red Hat repositories are synced automatically, but custom repositories are not. They require performing the manual procedures outlined here.

Follow the procedure for the connected {ProjectServer} before completing the procedure for the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Connected {ProjectServer}
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Click on the custom product.
. Click on the custom repository.
. Copy the *Published At:* URL.

> * On the connected {ProjectServer}, download the file `http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt` using `curl` or `wget`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Download the file `http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt` from the connected {ProjectServer} using `curl` or `wget`.
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# curl [opts] https://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt
----
. Continue with the procedure on disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Disconnected {ProjectServer}
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Create your custom product with the following:
* Upstream URL: Paste the link that you copied earlier.

> * Transport the file to the disconnected server using any method.

Reviewer 2: If we change the instruction to download the file on the disconnected {ProjectServer} rather than the connected, we can eliminate this step of transporting it. It will already be on the disconnected server.

> * Transport the file to the disconnected server using any method.
> * On the disconnected {ProjectServer}, create an SSL Content Credential with the contents of this file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Transport the certificate file you created from the connected to the disconnected server using any method.
* On the disconnected {ProjectServer}, create an SSL Content Credential with the contents of this file.
```
Should move these two steps to the beginning of this ("Disconnected {ProjectServer}") procedure. You have to create the SSL Content Credential before editing your custom product, or else you'll have to abort the editing procedure to go do that and it's not a great experience.

Also, probably good to link to the instructions here for creating an SSL Content Credential.

[id="Synchronizing_a_Custom_Repository_{context}"]
= Synchronizing a Custom Repository

> Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} to a disconnected {ProjectServer} via {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} to a disconnected {ProjectServer} through {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.
```

IMHO we are supposed not to use latin words like "via". Maybe use "using" or "through" instead.

> Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} to a disconnected {ProjectServer} through {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.
> 
> [NOTE]
> ====
> When using {ISS} Network Sync, Red Hat repositories are configured automatically, but custom repositories are not.
> They require performing the manual procedures mentioned below.
> ====

Reviewer: Maybe to simplify?

```suggestion
When using {ISS} Network Sync, Red Hat repositories are configured automatically, but custom repositories are not.
Use this procedure to synchronize content from a custom repository on a connected {ProjectServer} to a disconnected {ProjectServer} through {ISS} (ISS) Network Sync.
```

Follow the procedure for the connected {ProjectServer} before completing the procedure for the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Connected {ProjectServer}
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Click on the custom product.
. Click on the custom repository.
. Copy the *Published At:* URL.
. Continue with the procedure on disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.Disconnected {ProjectServer}
. Download the file `http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt` from the connected {ProjectServer} using `curl` or `wget`.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # curl https://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt

Reviewer: As per https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/2004#discussion_r1149557693

```suggestion
# curl http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt
```

> # curl [opts] https://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# curl https://{foreman-example-com}/pub/katello-server-ca.crt
```

If there are no options necessary, I'd leave this out.

----
. On the disconnected {ProjectServer}, create an SSL Content Credential with the contents of this file.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Create your custom product with the following:

> * Upstream URL: Paste the link that you copied earlier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *Upstream URL*: Paste the link that you copied earlier.
```

> * SSL CA Cert: Select the SSL certificate that was transferred from your connected {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *SSL CA Cert*: Select the SSL certificate that was transferred from your connected {ProjectServer}.
```

For more information on creating an SSL Content Credential, see xref:Importing_Custom_SSL_Certificates_{context}[].
For more information on creating a custom product, see xref:Creating_a_Custom_Product_{context}[].

> After completing these steps, the disconnected {ProjectServer} will synchronize the custom repository as normal.

Reviewer 2: not sure if there's a more elegant way to say that :)

> After completing these steps, the disconnected {ProjectServer} will synchronize the custom repository as normal.

Author: I can probably just drop the "as normal" and it should still be clear. Right?

> After completing these steps, the disconnected {ProjectServer} will synchronize the custom repository as normal.

Reviewer 2: Well, I wouldn't want to imply that a repo sync will start automatically after completing the steps.

How about

```suggestion
After completing these steps, the custom repository is properly configured on the disconnected {ProjectServer}.
```
